
# EY Dashboard

## Dependencies:

 - numpy
 - pandas
 - beautifulSoup4 (bs4)
 - yahoo finance (yahoofinance)
 - selenium
 - python-dotenv
 - flask
 - flask-wtf
 - flask-sqlalchemy
 - flask-migrate
 - flask-login
 - flask-email
 - email_validator
 - pyjwt
 - pandas-datareader
 - yfinance
 - bokeh
 
*also install chromedriver.exe from [here](https://chromedriver.chromium.org/)*

### How preferences work	
Every user has a dictionary called preferences. When a user generates a dashboard, the dashboard references back to the preferences associated with it's parent user in order to appropriately generate the dashboard


### Documentation
	class Company


	    -----Parameters-----

		companyName: str  - The name of the company.


	    -----Attributes--------

		companyName: str - what was inputted by the user
		displayName: str - full name of company scraped off YF
		YFURL: str - full URL to the YF page
		ticker: str - the ticker symbol
		
			Return ticker symbol from company name.
			
			-------Returns------

			string - the company ticker symbol


		-----Methods--------	

		def getHistoricalPricesDf(self, startDate, endDate[, locale=''])
		
			Return historical stock data of the company between two given dates.

		
		
			-------Returns------

			DataFrame - Historical stock data between two dates (inclusive).
				Columns: ['Open', 'High', 'Low', 'Close', 'Adj Close', 'Volume']
		
			-----Parameters-----

			ticker: str
				The stock ticker of the company.
				Usually obtained from getTickerSymbol(companyName)
		
			startDate: str
				The start date (inclusive) of the historical prices.
				FORMAT: YYYY-MM-DD
		
			endDate: str
				The end date (inclusive) of the historical prices.
				FORMAT: YYYY-MM-DD

			*locale=: str
				Set the locale (related to date formatting, etc.
				Options:
					'us' - United States domain (default)
					'au' - Australian domain
					'ca' - Canadian domain


		def getStockPrice(self[, afterHours=False])     *******************AFTER HOURS CURRENTLY NOT WORKING***************************

			Return stock price of the company at close

			-------Returns------

			float - the stock price

			-----Parameters-----

			*afterHours: boolean
				Signify if you want closing (Default) or after hours (True)


		def getStockPriceChange(self, afterHours=False)  *******************AFTER HOURS CURRENTLY NOT WORKING***************************

			Return stock price of the company

			-------Returns------

			str - the stock price change

			-----Parameters-----

			*afterHours: boolean
				Signify if you want closing (Default) or after hours (True)
				
		def getSector(self)

			Return sector of the company

			-------Returns------

			str - the sector of the company

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	class User

	    -----Parameters-----

		firstName: str  - First name of the user.
		lastName: str - Last name of the user.

		-----Instance Attributes-----

		creationDate: str - date the user was created (YYYY-MM-DD)
		dashboards: list - list of all the dashboard objects generated by the user

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Other methods outside of classes

	def companyDialog(varName)

		opens a tkinter window that prompts the user for a company name

			-------Returns------

			None
		
			-----Parameters-----

			varName: str - the string representation of the name of the variable you want the function to store 			   the user input in. (Example: 'companyName')